Alright, in the next few videos we are
going to look at working with the
ingredients. So we have the recipe and
then the ingredients and then unit of
measure. So we have listed the
properties to deal with here and what we
want to do is I want to show you the
nuances of working with more complex
data models here. So there are some
nuances. I actually almost did this as an
assignment to do all the CRUD operations
for ingredients but there's enough
nuances to learn along the way. I decided
to not do that and take you through it
step by step and working with this more
complex object model. So we got a lot to
learn. Actually we're going to write a
lot of code in this and in this video
specifically we're going to create a new
screen to just show a list of
ingredients against the recipe. So we'll
have a recipe, we will they'll go into the
recipes and then display a list of
ingredients and from that, we're going to
build CRUD operations on the ingredients. So we'll be working within a specific
recipe. So there are some nuances that we
need to do as far as setting up the URLs
and whatnot and how we are working with a Spring MVC but Spring Data and the
JPA data model. So I'm going to get
going on this video here and show you
how we implement displaying a list of
ingredients for a specific recipe.
Alright in this video we want to take a
look at viewing ingredients. I'm going to
set it up so we can go buy a recipe,
drill into the recipe and then we want
to be able to view the ingredients off
that recipe. So I've set up a unit test
for our controller. That's kind of our
starting point since we'll be following
some test-driven development here and in
it, you can see there I've got it set up
for the RecipeService to go ahead and
find a command by ID. So we've already
been doing this before. So we're going to
continue on the list view to use the
recipe, a list of the recipe command
objects. And on line 47 there you can see
I'm performing it get and note the URLs I'm doing, recipe 1 and then
ingredients and I'm going to expect back
a view called recipe/ingredient/list.
And the way that's going to work, that's
going to render back to under recipe, a
folder called ingredient and then
list. So let's go ahead and open that up
now and here's a pretty simple Thymeleaf
template. Let's take a peek at that
inside of Chrome and we can see that
here, we are going to get a list of the
different ingredients that are listed
there. So that will come up at the recipe
so we're drilling into the recipe to the
ingredients. So we are kind of following the same
model here that we have been as far as
seeing how the ingredients get rendered
and how we view that. So it's going to
continue up on this. So if I close this
out
and let's go ahead and run our test,
prove that our unit test is in fact
functional, you can see that test
doesn't run pretty quick. Now let's go
ahead and look at the implementation.
I've already implemented this on the
controller. So now we have a new
controller called IngredientController. That's going to get a RecipeService and
we're going to do constructor based
injection on that. So by requiring the
constructor Spring we will automatically
inject that for us.
See on line 24 I've set up a GetMapping to
recipe and taking in the parameter
recipeid and we bring in the recipeid
off the path using the @PathVariable
annotation there in line 26. And we also
bring in the Model and got a quick debug
statement on there. So I'm using the
project Lombok annotation there on 14
and then we add in the attribute recipe
and we'll review the HTML real quick. So
that is going to come in, see if that
recipe ingredients is empty or not.
Assuming that it is not, down here on
line 57 is where all the magic is going
to happen where we build out the table,
all the table rows for each ingredient
in the set that's going to get returned
back on recipe. So on line 57 they're
saying we're setting up an ingredient
variable for an iterator from recipe dot
ingredients. And then we're going to
output that data. So let's go ahead
and
run this right now inside. We will bring up
Spring Boot. We'll get it started and
toggle over to Chrome. Okay that Spring
Boot is up and running. Let's come on
over to Chrome and we'll come back to
the root context. Now we can see my
recipes and if we come to view, we have a
View button there and then we get a
table of ingredients. So you can see that
I brought up the list of ingredients. You
can see how these kind of look similar
there. A little bit of formatting
difference because we have a more
data there and the table did adjust
accordingly. But now we already have
links there to view it, update it or
delete it. That has not been implemented.
Those are what we'll be showing in
upcoming videos to show you how to work
with us. One more detail but we will step
through each one because we do run into
a few nuances a long way with a more
complex data model. But I do want you to
note that here, I've mapped recipe/ the
recipe ID to ingredients and I'm doing
a list function of that URL.